Add info block for bool envs to env_var doc (#7949)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/env_var.md

If the `DBT_USER` and `DBT_ENV_SECRET_PASSWORD` environment variables are present when dbt is invoked, then these variables will be pulled into the profile as expected. If any environment variables are not set, then dbt will raise a compilation error.

:::info Environment variables for integers and booleans
Environment variables are always strings. If a config expects an integer or boolean, you must convert it.

**Integers**  

> Use a cast to avoid errors like `'1' is not of type 'integer'`:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert the string to a number to avoid errors like `'1' is not of type 'integer'`:  
```
